Hello, my name is Hannah Frick.
My name is Emil Wietveld.
And my name is Simon, and we'd like to share with you our top three reasons why we think
you should attend our workshop at PositConf this year.
Tidymodels is a framework for modeling using tidyverse principles.
So it's built to make your modeling practice ergonomic, effective, and safe.
By ergonomic, we mean that if you're a tidyverse user, tidymodels code will feel expressive
and fluent to you.
As for effectiveness, tidymodels equips you to build performant models quickly, and once
you've got the basics, puts highly advanced tools at your fingertips.
Lastly, tidymodels is safe, in that we build the packages to protect you against common
failures models typically adapt, such as overfitting and data retention.
Tidymodels is stable and production ready, so now is a good time to learn it.
Secondly, the instructors.
Hannah, Simon, and I are programmers, and we work on the tidymodels packages full time.
But we're also educators, and we teach tidymodels regularly.
So that means the material, and the code in there, has been through several cohorts of
workshop attendees and their feedback.
So when we say tidymodels is stable, we also mean the interface and the way we teach it
is tried and tested.
The third reason is the level of the workshop.
This year, we are offering both an introductory tidymodels workshop, this one, and an advanced
one taught by Max Kuhn.
So that means this one will be a true beginner's workshop.
If you already use tidymodels, take the advanced one.
Or if you want to learn all these tidymodels, take this one, and take the advanced one the next day.
So if you'd like to join us in Chicago, please go to posit.co.com, and we hope to see you there.